Change History
==============

1.7 - 
-----

-   Adds `this_hostname` context manager.

1.6 - 
-----

-   Ensure that environment selection "runs once" and will work with `--parallel`
-   Improve `select` Jinja filter.

1.5 - 
-----

-   Support adding data hooks to a Dataloader import which will be called after the files 
    are loaded and data merged after file data.

1.3 - 2013-08-14
----------------

-   Supports specifying extra paths to templates and data directories via a
    'confab.extensions' distribution entry point.

-   Lower-level API supports loading templates and data from multiple directories.

-   Add Sphinx documentation with API docs.  Publish on RTD.

-   Convert ``CHANGES.md`` to RST to make them nicely embeddable in the docs.

-   Replace the old ``README.md`` with a new ``README.rst`` that points to the
    documentation on RTD.

-   Add a ``long_description`` to ``setup.py`` to provide more info on PyPI.

1.2 - 2013-05-02
----------------

 -  Major refactor of underlying data model:

    -  Autogenerated ``env`` tasks to use with ``fab``

    -  ``definitions.py`` replaces ``model.py`` and ``resolve.py``

    -  Provides a simpler object and iteration model for navigation confab settings.

    -  Moves host and role iteration out of ``main.py`` into ``iterconffiles`` function.

 -  No prevents multiple roles/components from defining the same template on the same host.

 -  Allows multiple loading of data from identically named files in different directories.

 -  Ensures that role data may override component data.

 -  Supports customized ``module_as_dict`` conversion.

1.1 - 2013-03-25
----------------

 -  Allows roles to have components: components may have templates
    and may be reused across different roles, with customization defined
    in role configuration data.

 -  Abstracts template and data loading into callable objects to allow ConfFiles
    to load templates and data for specific components.

 -  Allows data modules to be templates (``*.py_tmpl``) as well as Python files (``*.py``).

 -  Adds output verbosity control and more verbose output.

 -  Instead of enforcing that all hosts have the same role when invoking
    the ``confab`` CLI, "does the right thing."

 -  Changes uses of run() to sudo() and always uses ``use_sudo`` when calling put().

 -  Switches merge resolution order to respect environment configuration before role
    or component configuration.

